The first place in Southern Province is still me Ye Huan
Real woman
Ye Huan, do you know the consequences of doing this?
It's up to you to protect us
Once we are exposed, we will become a place of importance
I'm a man, what's the matter with me?
OK, then I'll trust you again.
Vice President, is this true?
And you guys, I'm sure you're curious.
What will my daughter win?
I hope the first beautiful woman in the southern province will not be restored
What kind of soldier is it?
And I will tell you today.
This guy?
It's Night Huan
good guy
Ye Huan is a waste who eats soft rice
His father is a door-to-door son-in-law
His whole family is treated like dogs in the Han family
This good cabbage is eaten by pigs
It's a pity that Ye Huan doesn't like Han
Compared with Fu Hongyan, Han Yurong
That's a far cry.
Haha, okay.
Admit it well
Fu Hongyan
Are you really not afraid of the male god's quiet silence?
I'm here, hahaha, how do you want to end it?
Just this trash
Without you
I think he can't protect himself
He's like the stinky fish and rotten shrimp over there
Kongyou Wuzang
Nanyue Longmen
Qibao Lingyu
Son, that's inedible.
Hahaha, this person is not hungry
Even raw fish
Have you never been to such a nice hotel?
Never had a banquet
Hahaha, you can't even keep the fish in the fish tank.
You really are a wild dog in the gutter
An elegant trip
Qibao Lingyu iron chain contains a lot of spiritual energy
It's a rare good thing.
It can help me ascend to the third floor of weapon refining
Dangming land fairy
World Explanation Grandmaster is not the bottom of my box